DxDiagram new API (#1271)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDiagram/4 Events/requestEditOperation.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Raised before a user edits a diagram and before the UI related to an edit operation is updated. Requests whether the edit operation is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raised before a user edits a diagram and before the UI related to an edit operation is updated. Requests clarification about edit operation availability.
```
